New development guide and add Cypress to setup guide (#139)
mn-pollinators/buzz-about: SETUP.md

![PowerShell after running "firebase login". The program asks if it's okay to collect usage and error reporting, and then waits for authentication from the web browser.][i:Running firebase login]

![The browser window that "firebase login" spawns. It says that the Firebase CLI wants to view and manage your data across Google Cloud Platform services, view and administer all your Firebase data and settings, and view your cloud platform projects. At the bottom, there's an "Allow" button and a "Cancel" button.][i:Authenticating the Firebase CLI in the browser]

### Running the emulator

When you're developing Buzz About locally, it isn't able to talk to the production database, so you'll need to run a local emulator.

To run the the Firestore emulator locally, type

```sh
npm run firebase:emulator
```

Now, if you start up a local copy of Buzz About, it should be able to talk to the emulator. Also, if you go to localhost:4000 in a browser, you'll find a nifty little database console!

![The local Firebase console at localhost:4000][i:Local Firebase console]

### Setting up Firebase for Cypress

> We use [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io/) for our end-to-end testing and use the [cypress-firebase](https://github.com/prescottprue/cypress-firebase) plugin to be able to communicate with Firebase for authentication and the Firebase emulator for Firebase. In addition to having installed `firebase-tools` and used `firebase login`, you will need a Firebase service account for end-to-end testing in Cypress. You can skip this part of the guide if you will not be using Cypress locally.

Reviewer: What do you think about something like this &hellip;?

```suggestion
We use [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io/) for our end-to-end testing, with the [cypress-firebase](https://github.com/prescottprue/cypress-firebase) plugin to help Cypress talk to Firebase. In addition to the Firebase tools installed above, you will need a Firebase service account for end-to-end testing in Cypress. You can skip this part of the guide if you will not be using Cypress locally.
```
